---
title: Auto hook
taxonomy:
    category:
        - daysbook
---

[Followed by](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaakash/aakash-web/master/docs/git-it-write/faq.md)

### What is this plugin for ?

Git it Write plugin allows to publish posts in WordPress using the files present in a Github repository

### What is the use of this plugin ?

Using this plugin you can manage the post content in a Github repository and work on it. The files will be pulled and published in WordPress automatically whenever the repository is updated. With this concept, if you need to maintain a documentation site, then you can create a Github repository, write your docs in markdown format and use this plugin to publish them as posts in your website. You can now ask your users to contribute to the documentation repository, accept suggestions etc. from the community.

### When a post is edited in WordPress will that update the file in the Github repository ?

No. This plugin won't sync post content. It is a one way update. Only changes made to the Github repository will update the posts and not otherwise.

### Which Git hosting services are supported ?

Right now Github is only supported.

### Can I use a private Github repository ?

No. Right now only public Github repositories are supported.

### What all files in the repository will be published ?

All markdown files will be published as posts. HTML is not supported right now, but there are plans to add support in the future.

### What are not published ?

Any folder/file starting with `_` (underscore), `.` (dot) won't be considered for publishing.

### From which branch files will be picked ? Can I select a branch ?

Right now files are picked only from the `master` branch and there is no option to select other branches.

### How will be the posts published ?

If a repository has files in the below structure,
and automated publishing.

[...]

### How to set post properties like post title, tags, custom fields etc

They can be set at the top the file like below (YAML syntax). This is called front matter.

```
---
title: Title of the post
menu_order: 1
post_status: publish
post_excerpt: This is a post excerpt
taxonomy:
    category:
        - category-slug-1
        - category-slug-2
    post_tag:
        - tag-1
        - tag-2
custom_fields:
    field1: value 1
    field2: value 2
---
